no absolutely not uh I'm at I think it's
a pretty self-explanatory just by
looking at the guy he's a guy's a beast
uh you know he said he's a heck of a
player and uh yeah I'm described uh you
know he didn't get it hit me one time
last year and I'm really glad I don't
have to play him this year so he's
definitely a talented guy and uh no you
definitely shows on the field
oh yeah I'll know who else they would
have put but uh I'd like to see that guy
for sure just getting the perspective of
you know working with the NFL guy and uh
you're just coming from NFL background
he's uh he's really wanted me to thank
like an NFL quarterback and prepare like
one and uh you're going to my senior
year and uh you know a lot of football
under my belt you know we've
accomplished a lot and I think you know
both of us are gonna have a very
successful year yeah I mean you can
always improve on your accuracy and
always be better footwork uh yeah just
really just uh being leader my team
needs me to be that's a daily growing
process uh yeah and also just just
studying I mean it's it's almost a full
time job just break it down film and
watched other teams and you know
recognizing coverages but uh you know
it's a lot better than sitting at desk I
can tell you that
um not really he hadn't changed up you
know mechanical problems not saying that
I have anybody know nothing mechanically
uh you know nothing you know personally
just tells me to be myself he was kind
of getting used to how he approaches the
game how it teaches it has probably been
the biggest thing that we've had to deal
with in a it took me about a week to
understand how he explains things and
how he wants things run oh it definitely
helps with preparation guys uh you know
they work a little harder you know they
go that extra mile to know that you know
we're not playing a quote-unquote easy
non-conference game we're playing a
big-time national TV game against a very
good team and TCU and uh you know we
definitely want to come out on top of
that game